datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_0_m_0/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_2.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_0_m_0/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_4.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_0_m_0/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_3.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_0_m_0/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_0.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_0_m_0/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_complete.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_0_m_0/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_5.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_0_m_0/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_6.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_0_m_0/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_1.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_4.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_3.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_5.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_6.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_2.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_4.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_3.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_complete.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_5.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_6.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/SkyMap/Amazon:Photo_n_0_m_0/gmls/Amazon:Photo_7.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_2.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_4.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_0.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_5.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_6.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_2_m_2/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_1.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_2.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_4.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_0.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_5.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_6.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
datasets/GenCAT/Planetoid:Cora_n_3_m_3/gmls/Planetoid:Cora_1.gmldistribution.txt mean degree is too small 
